The young boy quickly climbed a tall tree.
he brown dog with the red collar always barks loudly.
The sun was setting in the west and the moon was just rising
Working at the computer all day made David's head ache.
Excuse me madam, May I come in?
People who are brave and who take risks are more successful than people who are do things safely all the time
It’s a risk, but the reward could be great. I say you go for it. Fortune favors the bold.
When you make money quickly, it’s very easy to lose it quickly as well
Don’t just wait for good things to happen to you. Work hard to make them happen
“I know you’re hungry, but stop being so impatient. We just ordered our food. Good things come to those who wait."
“If you want people to trust you, you need to be honest with them. Honesty is the best policy.”
In any situation, be optimistic about the result, but always be ready for the worst outcome
If you can’t change someone’s behavior or opinion, sometimes it’s better or easier to do what they want to do
Barack Obama is the president of U.S.A
We don’t trust each other, but we have to be nice to each other because we work for the same company.
Ryan started playing hockey at a very young age. He’s just like his dad. Like father, like son.
No one is truly capable of living alone. We need human connection to be healthy
Don’t criticize someone if you’re not perfect either; don’t be a hyprocrite
The Tesla coil designed by inventor Nikola Tesla
You can try to help someone by giving good advice, but you can’t force them to accept it or follow it
When a situation becomes difficult, strong people don’t give up; they work harder
Your home is the most comfortable place in the world
If someone whom I don’t like doesn’t like someone else whom I don’t like, we can act like friends and unite against the other person (common in war)
“Don’t make him angry. If you play with fire, you’ll get burned.”
"You wanna play too? It'll be fun!"
"Have you seen my bear Tibbers?"
"What's your favorite aminal? A bear?"
"You can't come to Tibbers' tea party! Bleh!"
"Hi! My friend Tibbers wants to meet you..."
"C'mon Tibbers, let's play one more."
"Want another shot? I wouldn't want to leave things up in the air."
"Yes, it's true. For only $2.95 a minute, I will leave you breathless."
"And you thought it was just a harmless breeze!"
"Seriously, screaming helps... not at all."
"I accidentally did that on purpose."
"Guns don't kill people. I mean, until you shoot them. Then they kill everything!"
